Cleanup after SORSE final (#468)
SORSE/sorse.github.io: _pages/home.md

  overlay_image: /assets/images/sorse-banner.svg
  overlay_filter: 0.5
  actions:
    - label: Access event material
      url: programme/
    - label: Watch past events
      url: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ1CwxvODyT-eb4K7HfelGA
excerpt: International Series of Online Research Software Events
---

<aside id="twitter-holder" class="sidebar__right sticky">
    {% include twitter.html %}
</aside>

{% capture final-notice %}

> SORSE ended with it's [final event]({{ "/programme/finale/" | relative_url }})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SORSE ended with its [final event]({{ "/programme/finale/" | relative_url }})
```

Fix spelling.

> on March 24th. 2021. Thanks to all the contributors that submitted abstracts and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on March 24th 2021. Thanks to all the contributors who submitted abstracts and
```
Remove period, humanize contributors ;)

gave presentations, discussions, demonstrations, and thanks to everyone who
participated in one of our sessions to make all of this possible.

> But this won't be the end of everything. There is still need for exchange
> within our international community of research software engineers.

Reviewer 2: Suggesting a slight modification to this paragraph:

```suggestion
But this isn't the end. There is still a need for knowledge exchange and networking within our international community of Research Software Engineers.
```

> within our emerging community of international research software engineers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within our international community of research software engineers.
```
I'd say it's already emerged, and that it's an international community.

Stay tuned and keep an eye on the communication channels of
[your national RSE chapter]({{ "/contact/chapters/" | relative_url }}).
{% endcapture %}

> 

Reviewer 2: Might it be worth adding an extra paragraph here - something for people who are in a country where there isn't yet a national community? For example:

"_If your country doesn't yet have a national RSE community to reach out to, get in touch and we can provide advice on international RSE groups that you can join or follow. If you're keen to start a national RSE community, we can put you in touch with members of established RSE communities who can offer advice._"

@sdruskat, I'd welcome your thoughts on this - I thought this could be a good way to help get people interested in starting new RSE associations in countries where they don't exist. I'm not sure where the "get in touch" link should point to at the moment - it could be the sorse.enquiries address but otherwise maybe the International Council?

Author: yes, I like the idea @jcohen02. We could link to https://researchsoftware.org/2018/04/18/how-to-setup.html

Author: or if that is already too involved, add a link to the [Council blog](https://researchsoftware.org/2021/01/27/introducing-the-international-council-of-RSE-associations.html) and mailing list (intl-rse-council@listserv.dfn.de)

Author: I'll merge this PR but please, @sdruskat, feel free to comment in this issue and we'll adapt the text later on

Welcome to SORSE - A **S**eries of **O**nline **R**esearch **S**oftware **E**vents - our international answer to the COVID-19-induced cancellation of many national RSE conferences. We want to provide an opportunity for RSEs to develop and grow their skills, build new collaborations and engage with RSEs worldwide.

> This series has been an open call to all RSEs and anyone involved with research software worldwide, to propose a talk, a workshop, a software demo, a panel or discussion, blog post or poster. After each event, SORSE did provide an opportunity for networking and informal discussion with other participants in small groups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This series has been an open call to all RSEs and anyone involved with research software worldwide, to propose a talk, a workshop, a software demo, a panel or discussion, blog post or poster. After many of our events, SORSE provided an opportunity for networking and informal discussion with other participants in small groups.
```
